SDK 3.35.0 : Adds version bump and changelog (#3920)
Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3: changelog.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).
### <a name="3.34.0-preview"/> [3.35.0-preview](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/3.35.0-preview) - 2023-06-19

### Added
- [3836](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3836) Integrated cache: Adds BypassIntegratedCache to DedicatedGatewayRequestOptions

> - [3909](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3909) Query: Refactors EnableOptimisticDirectExecution to true by default in Preview mode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [3909](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3909) Query: Adds EnableOptimisticDirectExecution in QueryRequestOptions enabled by default
```

> #### Fixed

Reviewer 2: You can remove all 3 PR entries from the changelog. these are not related to SDK functionality. I should have marked them internal while creating these PRs

- [3876](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3876) Distributed Tracing: Fixes design documentation issues
- [3868](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3868) AI Integration: Fixes Open Telemetry Example
- [3887](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3887) Open Telemetry End To End Test: Adds baseline for network level requests trace

### <a name="3.35.0"/> [3.35.0](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.Cosmos/3.35.0) - 2023-06-19

#### Fixed 
- [3864](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3864) NugetPackage: Removes ThirdPartyNotice.txt from content and contentFiles folders
- [3866](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3866) CosmosClient: Fixes missing Trace when converting HTTP Timeout to 503
- [3879](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3879) Subpartitioning: Fixes handling of split physical partitions
- [3907](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3907) Query: Fixes empty property name parsing exception

> #### Added

Reviewer: https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3918 was marked as Internal but actually has several public facing changes:

```
- [3918](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3918) Regions: Adds Israel Central
- [3918](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3918) CosmosClient: Fixes SynchronizationLockException when disposing client with requests in-flight.
```

- [3860](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3860) Documentation: Adds see also link to Container.CreateTransactionalBatch
- [3852](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3852) Query: Adds type-markers with count and length for large arrays

> - [3838](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3838) Benchmarking: Adds use of ARM Templates for benchmarking

Reviewer: Remove

> - [3877](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3877) Direct Package Upgrade 3.31.0: Refactors code to make compatible with latest direct

Reviewer: This PR actually does multiple things, so better to split it into different bullet points:

```
- [3877](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3877) Regions: Adds Malaysia South and Italy North
- [3877](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3877) Distributed Tracing: Enables Distributing Tracing for Operations
 ```

@sourabh1007 Is the above correct?

Reviewer 2: no, you can remove point related to distributed tracing..again it get enabled only in test. it is not related to actual feature.

Reviewer 2: instead put this  

- [3887](https://github.com/Azure/azure-cosmos-dotnet-v3/pull/3887) Distributed Tracing: Setting DisplayName for an operation level activity as _`<operationname><space><containername>`_
